it's time for Comic Con 2014 and here
are the highlights of the coolest things
to do and see Sunday in Hall H ethics is
brand new series the strain will show a
sneak peek of the new television series
join Guillermo del Toro the show's
creator along with cast members for this
awesome panel the CW presents a panel
for the TV show Supernatural with starts
Jared Padalecki and Jensen Ackles the
show is premiering its tenth season this
fall fans will be treated to an
exclusive video presentation and
exciting news about its upcoming 200th
episode dynamite comics quentin
tarantino joins this special event with
the publishers of dynamite comics to
talk about the new comic featuring a
crossover between django unchained and
zoro the annual harry potter panel join
harry potter editors and experts on this
supercool panel that will discuss the
upcoming films for fantastic beasts and
where to find them the annual Jack Kirby
tribute panel join comics professionals
Len Wein and Scott Shaw as they
discussed the legendary Jack Kirby the
king of comics and his influence on
comics and movies Sesame Street joined
the show's panel discussion hosted by
several cast members who will discuss
both the show's history and future and
show special footage from upcoming
Sesame Street panels women of marvel
this panel hosted by editors and artists
will discuss what it's like to be a
woman working in comics today as well as
the history of marvel female characters
spotlight on Jim Lee joined DC
Entertainment co-publisher and prolific
artist jim lee as he talks about his 25
years in the comics industry followed by
a brief Q&A session and those are the
highlights for Comic Con 2014 on Sunday